sorry for that my brother came in the
room trying to help me fix my internet
so yeah the first thing I got from my
first pack was this of promo all right
since this guy probably has a new video
because i'm too lazy to edit um i'm
opening some promo packs that I'm giving
up my tournament and yeah I just going
to open a few guys on board and then
open one breaker of limits so I hope the
next pack I hope I get the thing I want
I don't normally open packs with
scissors it's just that the poem packs
really hard to open alright so I got
another one of these that's not good so
now i need to look for one more i really
hope i get the card I want the gold
paladin card nope let this red magma so
all these cards are for trade I don't
really want any of these and that's my
promo packs cool so sick and yeah crap i
didn't get the cut i want it oh well a
breaker of limits gotta miss ticket
god this guy that no one plays this guy
on disability is when you played four
more gold pound strain your gains plus
10 k kid fry weird stand trigger and my
rarest ex-player pretty good pretty good
rare so I got some pretty poor poles I
got crap they didn't want in a rare but
that's okay that's okay I got more where
that came from but I won't be opening
anymore so yeah I hope you guys enjoy
watching me fail at opening packs I'm
gonna play one or two of these in my
deck I don't know maybe boy